Add treeview features for the release. (#639)
telerik/maui-docs: controls/treeview/visual-structure.md

# .NET MAUI TreeView Visual Structure

The Telerik TreeView for .NET MAUI contains visual elements and they are illustrated on the image below.

![TreeView Visual Structure](images/treeview-visual-structure.png "Visual elements of TreeView")

## Legend

> - **TreeView item**&mdash;On mobile the user can expand item by tapping on it. While on desktop the user has to press the `>` arrow.

Reviewer: The ">" is an element in the UI of the component, so we use **bold** instead of `monospace`.
```suggestion
- **TreeView item**&mdash;On mobile devices, the user can expand the item by tapping on it. While on desktop devices, the user has to click the **>** arrow.
```

> - **Expand indicator**&mdash;The indicator used for expanding an item. On desktop the user presses the `>` arrow to expand an item. By default, on mobile the user can tap on the item to expand it.

Reviewer: We use "press" mainly for physical buttons.
```suggestion
- **Expand indicator**&mdash;The indicator used for expanding an item. On desktop devices, the user clicks the **>** arrow to expand an item. By default, on mobile, the user can tap on the item to expand it.
```
